1. Prerequisites
Before you begin the installation, ensure that you have the following prerequisites:

Java Development Kit (JDK): Make sure you have JDK 8 or higher installed on your system. You can download it from the Oracle website.
Integrated Development Environment (IDE): An IDE such as IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse, or NetBeans is recommended for running and debugging the application.
Git: Git should be installed on your system to clone the repository. You can download it from the Git website.
2. Cloning the Repository
To get the source code from the GitHub repository, follow these steps:

Open a terminal or command prompt.
Navigate to the directory where you want to clone the repository.
Run the following command to clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/your-username/MedicationTrackingSystem.git
Replace your-username with your actual GitHub username.

3. Setting Up the Project
3.1 Importing the Project into an IDE
Open your IDE (e.g., IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse).
Import the project:
For IntelliJ IDEA: Go to File > Open and select the cloned repository directory.
For Eclipse: Go to File > Import > Existing Projects into Workspace and select the cloned repository directory.
3.2 Compiling the Project
Navigate to the src directory in your IDE.
Compile the project:
For IntelliJ IDEA: Right-click on the src directory and select Rebuild Project.
For Eclipse: Right-click on the project and select Build Project.
3.3 Running the Application
Locate the MainMenu class in the MedicationTracking package.
Run the MainMenu class:
For IntelliJ IDEA: Right-click on the MainMenu class and select Run 'MainMenu.main()'.
For Eclipse: Right-click on the MainMenu class and select Run As > Java Application.
4. Using the Application
4.1 Main Menu
When you run the application, you will see the main menu with the following options:

Add A New Patient
Add A New Doctor
Add A New Medication To The Pharmacy
Print System Report
Check If Meds Are Expired
Process A New Prescription
Print All Scripts For Specific Doctor
Restock the drugs in the pharmacy
Print All Scripts For Specific Patient
Exit
4.2 User Input
Follow the prompts in the console to enter the required information for each operation. For example, to add a new patient, select option 1 and provide the patient's details when prompted.

5. Troubleshooting
5.1 Common Issues
Java Version: Ensure that you have the correct version of the JDK installed. You can check your Java version by running java -version in the terminal.
Compilation Errors: If you encounter compilation errors, make sure all the necessary files are in the correct directories and that there are no typos in the code.
Running the Application: If the application does not run, ensure that the MainMenu class is correctly set up as the entry point of the application.
5.2 Getting Help
If you encounter any issues that you cannot resolve, consider the following options:

Check the Documentation: Review this deployment documentation and the user documentation for any missed steps.
Search Online: Look for solutions to common Java development issues on forums such as Stack Overflow.
Contact the Developer: If the project is hosted on GitHub, you can open an issue or contact the repository owner for assistance.